# Templated-Pairs-of-N-Within-Array-of-size-N
Avishai Rostamian

This program finds a pair of numbers from an array of length n that adds up to a number n. The length of the array and the desired number is user inputted while the contents of the array is filled with random integers. The program checks if the user has entered a proper integer and size for the array (>0). If the user enters an integer less than 1 they will keep being prompted until a valid integer is entered. The program runs through a function with a double for loop instantiating the entire array adding the ith and jth number to see if they are equal to the user inputted number. If the numbers are equal then the print function is run and the pair is printed as well as accounted for. When the array is fully instantiated through the program outputs the number of pairs and ends.

At the top of the code we have our variables needed declared, one for the user inputted number and array size, variables holding our successful pairs, and an empty sizeless dynamic array. We then create a template for our random numbers array which fills in the array of size n with random integers by dereferencing our pointer array and adding a random integer 1-10 and adding it to the ith position. Underneath is another template for our printing function which is called when a successful pair is found and outputs it as well as keeping tracking by increasing out total variable. Again we have a template for our pairs function which checks to see if there is a pair in our array equalling the user inputted number. This is done by taking in a pointer for our array and user inputted number and running it through a double for loop. This loop checks the ith and nth position of the array by dereferencing it and checking if its equal to our user number. If they are equal their values are recorded and are called in our printing function. In our main we ask the user for a valid number in a while loop only exiting when the user number is great than 0. We do the same for the size of the array. The array is then filled with size n, then the filled array and user inputted number is run though our pairs function. After the pairs function runs through its loop the total count for the number of pairs is outputted. Lastly we delete our dynamic array to prevent a memory leak.
